YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
Couldn't open media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
YY:
225
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-6.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-7.png
media/SPRITES/player/idle/player-idle-8.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-4.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-5.png
media/SPRITES/player/run/player-run-6.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/hurt/player-hurt-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/crouch/player-crouch-2.png
doLoadImage
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-1.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-2.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-3.png
media/SPRITES/player/jump/player-jump-4.png
medias
doLoadImage
Initializing Collision Manager.
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
Collision on right!
11
